Edits OpenGov Page - To Be Merged Before 14.07 (#5035)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-polkadot-opengov.md

satisfy the approval and support criteria for the **Confirmation Period**.

- **Approval** is defined as the share of approval (_aye_ votes) vote-weight (after adjustment for
  [conviction](#voluntary-locking)) against the total vote-weight (_aye_, _nay_, and _abstained_).
- **Support** is the total number of _aye_ and _abstain_ votes (ignoring any adjustment for
  conviction) compared to the total possible votes that could be made in the system. In case of
  _split_ votes, only _aye_ and _abstain_ will count.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::info Nay votes are not counted towards Support

  Support is a measure of voters who turned out either in favor of the referenda and who consciously abstained from it. Support does not include _nay_ votes. This avoids edge situations where _nay_ votes could push a
  referendum into confirming state. For example, imagine current approval is high (near 100%, way
  above the approval curve), and current support is just below the support curve. A _nay_ could bump
  support above the support curve but not reduce approval below the approval curve. Therefore
  someone voting against a proposal would make it pass. Hence, a decrease in % of current approval through new 
 votes does not directly translate into increasing support because Support needs to consider _nay_ votes. 

:::

```

The figure above shows the followings:

> - Even if the approval criteria are satisfied (i.e. % of current approval is greater than the
>   approval curve), the proposal only enters the confirmation period once the support criteria are
>   also satisfied (i.e. % current support is greater than the support curve).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Even if the approval threshold is reached (i.e. % of current approval is greater than the
  approval curve), the proposal only enters the confirmation period once the support threshold is
  also reached (i.e. % current support is greater than the underlying support curve).
```

> - Decreasing in % of current approval does not translate into increasing support because support
>   does not consider _nay_ votes. This avoids edge situations where _nay_ votes could push a
>   referendum into confirming state. For example, imagine current approval is high (near 100%, way
>   above the approval curve), and current support is just below the support curve. A _nay_ could bump
>   support above the support curve but not reduce approval below the approval curve. Therefore
>   someone voting against a proposal would make it pass.

Reviewer: Moving this section to earlier part of the doc as a note

```suggestion
```

- If the referendum meets the criteria for the confirmation period, then the proposal is approved
  and scheduled for enactment. The Enactment Period can be specified when the referendum is proposed
  but is also subject to a minimum value based on the Track. More powerful Tracks enforce a larger
  Enactment Period to ensure the network has ample time to prepare for any changes the proposal may
  bring.

> - A referendum can enter and exit the confirmation period. Each time it exits, the confirmation
>   period resets. For example, if the confirmation period is 20 minutes and a referendum enters it
>   just for 5 min, the next time it enters, it must stay for 20 minutes (not 15 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A referendum may exit the confirmation period when the thresholds are no longer met, due to new _Nay_ votes or a change of existing _Aye_ or _Abstain_ votes to _Nay_ . Each time it exits, the confirmation
  period resets. For example, if the confirmation period is 20 minutes and a referendum enters it
  just for 5 min, the next time it enters, it must stay for 20 minutes (not 15 minutes).
```

> - If a referendum fails to be confirmed for at least the confirmation period, it fails, it does not
>   go to the enactment period, and it must be resubmitted (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- During the decision period, if a referendum fails to meet the approval and support thresholds for the duration of the track-specific confirmation period, it fails and does not
  go to the enactment period. (it may have to be resubmitted, see below).
```
